My grandparents were witnesses and my mother embraced the truth very early.
She was a very spiritual person and she had a wonderful influence on us as children.
We were poor family, but I reached family spiritually.
I started full-time service in April 1954.
I think my husband was attracted to me because of my involvement in the ministry and also in spiritual matters.
So he went to Gilead. His graduation was November.
In December we got married and in January we headed for Belize right away.
We were missionaries for just two years.
When I got pregnant, my husband's reaction initially was frightened that he wasn't prepared for it.
And we had to leave the missionary home, but we got accommodations pretty close by.
I said to Gilead that I would like this child to be like Samuel to be used by him.
And I begged Gilead to help me to train her and to look at her as a gift from him.
So they would always include us in whatever plans they had at the branch.
They would always say, bring her with you.
So I look back with fondness then.
My daughter would join us in the ministry and the brothers in Belize would help to take her in the ministry also.
I would say my daughter did grow up as a missionary.
In Belize I had many Bible studies.
I'm very happy for the years I served there.
I returned to Jamaica and I continued to get phone calls or cards.
I get news constantly from them and their children.
We were assigned to go in the traveling work.
So for the times that I did six years of circuit work.
It built me up spiritually and I could feel the hope as hand taking care of my needs.
I spoke to him while he was dying.
And I reminded him what I could father, he had been a good elder, a good husband.
And my daughter was a support to me after that he heard father died.
When my daughter died, I felt lost.
I'm still grieving for her since she has died, the peace of God.
That excels all I thought.
God's my heart, my mental powers.
I do a lot of personal study, a lot of Bible reading.
I just read the Bible over and over and just continue to learn.
Plus I listen to the programs regularly.
I try to keep up to date with what's going on.
I try to do as much as I can.
I try to encourage the younger ones to make good choices in their lives which include the full-time service.
They keep saying just my presence at the meeting.
Just seeing me encourage them.
Every time we go to the meeting, the little ones come to hug.
I have an expression I tell them I live by homes now.
It's a testimony that Jehovah can take care of us.